okay so we've just added the the map
stash tab something I've been really
really hoping before long so I'm going
to see how it looks I hope it's worth it
so we supposedly have that now we'll be
down here by the ends look at this so
it's divided into oh it's you
ah that's cool so you can click them and
then depending on the tier of maps you
have those will show up and here you can
see the ones too even if you haven't
like completed them or anything like
that it's the unique maps you can scroll
down pretty cool pretty cool so let's
try and putting our maps in here let me
just quickly get rid of some of this
here and that's not good that's not good
okay just spotted Surya I mean I've been
I've really been wishing for a promised
map stash tab for a very long time eight
sorting maps in path of Exile so let's
take a minute and see how it looks we
don't have any high tier maps or
anything like that
yet you have a bit of map so we're here
- and Lawrence
shove it in there s-some Mencia mm okay
so it lacks a little likes a little when
you're putting them in there I don't
know if you guys can see that but it
likes a little when you when you put
your maps in there not a big deal oh
okay so let's say I wanted to do with
gr1 maps then for tier 1 maps I have
dungeon graveyard Logan man and then
down here I suppose this is where I can
this is really cool so all my dungeon
maps here that gives another tab here so
this here here you can craft in my I
assume yes oh that is cool that is
really cool
what a sweet sweet feature I mean
this is really nice so you can just you
can have a ton of you your crafted maps
ready to go here yeah
sweets she a Tuesday lineup here this
one yeah I don't don't have any oh oh
yes no more no more sorting my maps and
upgrading them like that
so the question is so let's say I have
three of the same yeah I'll just take
the mountain and upgrade them if I want
to get a higher tier really nice and it
says how many you have so you can see if
you want to upgrade something so for
instance I guess you have notes here
three myths that I want to upgrade but
if I wanted to upgrade marshes or get it
to your 3 mm then I could do that
whoo that is very very nice I like this
this is gonna be a money well spent
of course it is still like equivalents
of $15 for something like this but if
you play path of Exile as much as we do
then yeah then it's probably probably
worth it cool
okay good goodbye here I hope I didn't
make it sound like hope this didn't make
it sound like I was I'd been asked by
GGG to do this because I have nots this
is not promotion for it it's just really
nice full
you